A journey to the far stars

The year was 3066, as I remember. I lay in my mom's lap. I was happy on the outside but felt hollow within. My mom seemed happy, probably because it was my dream. The years of hard work and training for interstellar travel were finally going to be tested, as I was going to interstellar space, never to come back home.

Hello, my name is Success, and I'm here to tell you about my journey to the Cosmos.

The day after, I stood at the landing pad. The atmosphere felt eerie and uneasy. The Warpdrive appeared with a blink of an eye and landed smoothly in front. The shockwave was felt from miles. Far off in the control room, my mom, my dad, and my sister waved me goodbye. I felt teary, about to burst but I controlled myself and entered the Warpdrive with three of my other crew members. Each step towards the drive felt heavier not because of my suit But because of all the memories that I was leaving behind. I sat in my seat, and from a small window, I was able to see my family in the distance. It was probably the last time I would ever see them in real.

An AI like voice asked me, "Are you ready? ". I wasn't, I wasn't ready to leave everyone I loved behind but I had came too far. Holding my emotions, I said yes. The drive started, everything glowed, I took a deep breath. A moment, I was on earth's surface and the next, I was in space about to pass the moon. Travelling in speed close to light. My journey of interstellar travel had started.

I woke up to the sound of The Warpdrive humming. Apparently it has been 3 days since the launch. The drive had accelerated to 54 times the speed of light and was on full power. The AI in the drive told me that we will reach Proxima Centauri B in about 25.7 days which was our destination. We had completely transformed the planet to make it perfectly habitable for humans. My other crew members had just woken up. My crew were the people with whom I prepared for the mission so I needed no introduction. They were Zen, Emma, Emily.

We didn't have much work in the drive as it was mostly automatic. We had to be put on in cryosleep to reduce load on our brain and body. One of us 4 had to be woken up for maintenance each day for 4 hours and we took turns but most of the work was handled by AI on board.

9 days remaining; The AI suddenly woken all 4 of us up. It was an emergency, We had directly collided with a very strong gravitational wave at a 43 degree angle from the right which was traveling much faster than the speed of light. The AI said that it had shifted our trajectory by more than 0.4 degrees Which will make us Miss our destination by about 87.25 billion kilometers. Which is a big problem as our engines were not capable of changing our direction at that kind of speed. It was a situation like life or death, I felt the blood rushing through my face as we scrambled to find a solution, If we failed to correct the path quickly we may get lost in the void with no energy to Accelerate back to that kind of speed.

And that's when it hit me. Clenching my fist, I said, "OUR LANDING ENGINES". Everyone was silent for the moment waiting for my next response. That's when I explained we had 56 engines which were used to travel at sub-light speed. If we pointed all of them in the same direction and thrusted them at full force, We might be able to change our angle by about 0.56 degrees. Firing them slowly was not an option as slow thrust at 54 times the speed of light was unreliable where the angle of direction was also increasing. It may damage most of our engines but It seemed like our only option.

7.8 days remaining; We all went inside our cryo chambers to prepare for the moment. Keeping track of trajectory, Our AI thrusted the engines at the right nanosecond. I felt like the whole drive shook as it changed angle at the tremendous speed we were travelling. Everyone was silent for a moment, Then our AI said "Maneuver successful". We all celebrated, but now only one problem remains As most of our landing engines were damaged we could not change our direction even at sub-lightspeed. We could just hope as we fly by near the planet, They will send some kind of mechanism to catch our Warp drive. 

3 hours remaining; We all were woken up by our AI once again but this time, It wasn't an emergency but we had arrived. Our drive had decelerated to 13% speed of light with the help of main engines so from a far we were able to see the massive structure being built around the star to harness its power. It was like the structure back in our star but smaller. Soon we passed by the planet Proxima Centauri B, Our AI rapidly communicated with the planet's control room and confirmed we'll be getting help soon.

After 9 minutes of passing the planet two small spacecraft flew to our drive and attached to each side. Our drive smoothly turned and flew back towards the planet as our AI took control of the engines of both new spacecrafts. From a distance the size of the planet Proxima Centauri B was similar to earth's but slightly bigger, about 1.3 times bigger. Despite the size the gravity was weaker because of its composition.

We had stopped natural genetic modification and evolution so all humans on that planet looked similar to Earth's, As well as we stopped aging throughout all of the human inhabitants. We were straightly flown into one of the control centres of the project star harness. when we landed, we were greeted by the control captain of area-13. The project star harness was so massive that there were 38 different control centres to maintain co-ordination. The captain told us that the faster than light gravitational waves are ultra rare so there wasn't pre-designed mechanism to stop that from happening.

We were here not for the Project Star Harness, but for something bigger, Something to change the era. We were here to break Crason's Barrier. Crason's Barrier states that a drive traveling by pulling space can't exceed 98 times the speed of light if it pulls less space than its own volume; trying so will result in a tear in the space it is pulling. We had to develop a drive capable of traveling faster than 98 times the speed of light by pulling more space than its own volume to avoid a tear.

From here it was a journey by a new mission. As I break Crason's Barrier and solve the Cybernetics War from 2983 AD, To change the future of humanity.
